alright we are here with robbie hummel
from Purdue and rabia we were just
talking a little bit about your
Minnesota Connections obviously
Minnesota fans know you from being at
Purdue but you also have a lake house or
a lake setting over a pelican lake first
of all just tell me a little bit about
the or Minnesota connection and he said
you enjoyed being up here sure now I've
come up for every summer since I was a
little kid but you know one or two years
old my great-grandpa both a lake house
I'm Pelican Lake County or Brainard
numeral acts so I'm pretty familiar with
the whole Minneapolis area my my dad's
aunt and uncle live in brooklyn center
and all his cousins and that's out of
the family so very familiar with
minneapolis and then i was i followed
Brian Kearney was up here and then Brad
Miller so I have a lot of Minnesota
Connections you follow the Timberwolves
a little bit this year to see what they
were up to sure know they had a good
year I was fun to watch Brad plays last
year and then obviously you have Kevin
Love You Ricky Rubio's things are pretty
exciting I think for Minnesota I think
you know in terms of playing here the
summertime is great the winner can be a
little cold but you know hey it's uh
it's not a big deal you're certainly
identified with Purdue a lot of the Big
Ten fans have followed you for many
years over there tell me a little bit
about how you've grown as a basketball
player in the five years of your overdue
sir I mean I've obviously put on a
weight I came in like 195 pounds i think
6a i'll leave to 20 so bulked up a
little bit I think just kind of had a
you know I've matured as a player
basketball IQ wise and then just
continue to work on my ball-handling and
shooting and I think I'm a better player
now than I was and I got there so how
does that translate into some of these
workouts that you're doing you're going
up against some of the elite talent that
are trying to get drafted this year
definitely and you're trying to show
that you fit in you're trying to show in
my case that I'm healthy that's a big
thing with two ACL tears it's something
that obviously teamed with kind of
skeptical on so you got to prove to them
that you're you're out here and playing
at a high level actually I've tried to
do in every workout something comes up
quite a bit and have you been able to
showcase the fact that you are a couple
years away from ya know it comes up
every workout I go through the ass but
my knee the doctors tug on my knee on
fun stuff so it gets a little bit old
but I understand their teams are making
a pretty big investment in you so
something that they kind of have to do
their due diligence on and then figure
you out so but really I just I am
healthy so it's not hard firm to go out
there and prove it you just I go out
there capitis house I can place our like
ham what does the intensity level like
going up against these guys even
compared to let's say going through an
NC double-a tournament is it
even added a little bit more elevated
level it is because everybody here is
the best one of the best part in their
team one of the best part in their
conference so not say that you know we
played Kansas and yes but tournament
they had a lot of good players but here
it's kind of multiply the pressures I'm
in layer birds and course I dannion
course I'd so you kind of used to that
going through college if you go to some
of those camps so you try out for the
USA basketball stuff but it's kind of a
different situation and a pressure
sitting so you know it's a kind of a job
interview so to speak but like you
mentioned you see Larry Bird you see
Danny Ainge you see some of these guys
you've been watching forever is it kind
of you kind of take a step back
everyone's one say this is a pretty cool
experience to be a part of for sure and
you know it's different with the NBA now
I look at guys are in the league like
the best players not fighting in salotto
I mean I've played against Derrick Rose
so it's not as cool to see him but when
you're a little kid and you I'd like
Larry Bird growing up and you see him
it's such a different experience so it
is pretty cool to see those guys sitting
courtside watching you play but you have
to kinda get past that and get back into
a workout mode kind of you're trying to
showcase your skills too but there any
intangibles to your game that you're
hoping to showcase while you're here
just you know the fact that I play hard
I think I've about a high basketball IQ
willing to take charge charges just do
the little things really and go from
there so so what have you been projected
as far as potentially where you might go
in the draft and also where you might
play position wise when you get in I
think I could be a three or a stretch
for I think the other two positions I
could definitely play and then in terms
of being drafted I've only had three
workouts and the draft comments coming
up I got invited to that so that's good
but I think it's still a little too
early to tell I've gotten good feedback
I've played well in the workouts I've
been in but I think I thought I'd do a
few more before and things have to
progress timewise before I start here in
two projections that are legitimate no
in Minnesota a lot of people are looking
at that two spot and the three spot as
far as a potential spot to look at in
the draft of being able to potentially
if you were selected here in Minnesota
and what would it be like for you to
join this team I know it's kind of up
and coming is it kind of enticing to
play alongside Ruby Lin love sure yeah i
mean i played against Kevin Love in high
school with was a you team twice once my
junior year once my senior year so be
cool to play with him and I was through
here Rubio's an amazing talent I think
at the point he can do a lot
for for you as a player and he does a
lot for the team so it would be a lot of
fun to play with those guys I think
Minnesota is definitely the rise oh
that's right be humble from Purdue
Robbie thanks so much thank you